GDPR requires that you specify exactly what you intend to do with each data point. Consider each data point that you’re
gathering from your users (Name, location, timestamp). Writing to a user, justify why each data point is needed in an
imaginary final version of your application: what eventual functionality might use the data?

1. The premise of the app is to provide the best product possible to users. In our case, that is a map function that can
span an entire database of coordinates on earth. In order to provide the best experience to users of our app, it is necessary
to cache their location and timestamp for dynamic purposes. The location will be used as a default initial view of the application;
the timestamp could be used for more advanced functionality, such as indicating if a location denoted on the map is open or closed
(restaurant, shopping mall, or wherever you’re headed). The name is important for caching; identifying our users could help us provide
them with the best experiences, for example as programmers we could implement an algorithm that will pin similar places to that a user
frequents to provide them with suggested venues to explore. By providing a name, our user provides the app with an identity so that the
app could perform faster for that identity and provide them with more exciting features.

Consider a more complex application that you’ve interacted with before (Facebook, Steam, MyAnimeList) - why might it be difficult
to delete all of the data on a user? Consider factors unique to the application you've chosen; specifically those other than volume
or size of data.

2. It might be difficult to delete data on a specific user from platforms where user specific data is tangled like facebook.
Deleting one user’s data would have a direct effect on other users’ data, as opposed to deleting user data from a game app where
users are independent of each other. Also, in the case of facebook, deleting all the data associated with a specific account is not
enough. Users might still show in pictures of acquaintances who are facebook users if they weren’t tagged. Content on facebook
might still be referring to user who’ve requested to be deleted from the platform if it wasn’t hyperlinked to their profile.
It would be impossible for facebook to assure by 100% that all of a specific user’s data has been deleted from their servers.
Therefore, platforms were user interaction creates dependency - essentially every social platform - will rely on user data for
function, and so deleting a single user’s data could have a cascading effect on other user’s data, while not completely ensuring
that all of the user’s data has been removed from the platform.
